no girl little girl dirty liar preaching
to the choir hello youtube this is my
review of my McFarlane Toys action
figure the flood combat human um this is
a really highly detailed figure it's
really fragile like extremely it comes
it doesn't stand good it's honest and
they come it has a three of these little
things while mine fell off and for some
reason my super glue decided not to work
pretty it was pretty disappointing oh
well happens uh it's extremely detailed
uh you probably can't tell my Lighting's
really bad one second i'll give
something i try real quick okay that's a
lot better uh yeah really detailed comes
with an SMG I don't really care for the
SMGs they're really good in the game
other good gun but with the halo figures
they're really fragile I think I've
broken like three of them and I had like
10 cuz I got let's see one with this guy
too with my aod and I had to halo wars
weapon pack so I had a seven so well I
don't have many left that's the point um
it's really detailed it doesn't stand on
its own very well sometimes if you're
lucky you can get it to hold a position
for a couple seconds see if we can't do
that right there we go well it's really
detailed it's got let's see how many
points of articulation it's got
one in this hand two three four it's got
two different waste one there then one
down there so that's four five six uh ah
that's actually basically it I I'll go
get the box maybe just check it's all
around here somewhere yeah here it is
here's the box for it um 10 halo points
uh see if we can't find articulation I'm
being lazy I can't i don't i don't want
to really look real hard i'm being lazy
so yeah I think it's like 10 points of
articulation or something like that I
can't find many the box has this little
thing on the back if you want to pause
it on the video and read that you go
right ahead let's take a look this show
is a bunch of other figures that you can
get from the from stores sorry my
cameras being stupid you got Master
Chief then there's the flood combat got
all these this will probably be the next
one I review the Spartans older but no
not that
oh well I can't really talk right today
sorry hope you enjoyed the review this
is definitely a figure that if you ever
get put it on your shelf and leave it
there can't really find many uses for it
doesn't really look that great you can't
really do much with it well it looks
great it's just you can't really do
anything with it so yeah that's my
review hi